### New in 0.5.3
* Fix 'Check' methods being unusable.
  [Issue #38](https://github.com/vbfox/stidgen/issues/38)

### New in 0.5.2
* Lift `System.IFormattable`

### New in 0.5.1
* Add an option to enable DataContract serialization.
  [Issue #37](https://github.com/vbfox/stidgen/issues/37)

### New in 0.5.0
* Predefined types like `int` are now compared with their operators instead
  of relying on `Equals`.
  [Issue #36](https://github.com/vbfox/stidgen/issues/36)
* BUGFIX: Correct code is now generated for `!=` on underlying types that
  don't have a `!=` operator.
  [Issue #35](https://github.com/vbfox/stidgen/issues/35)

### New in 0.4.0
* Static methods `Parse` and `TryParse` are lifted.
* A variant of `TryParse` returning a nullable instead of using an out
  parameter is generated if TryParse exists.
* Types can now be placed in the same file and the default is to place them
  all in a file named as the .stidgen file but with a .Generated.cs extension.
  The previous behavior is available by specifying `UseNameAsFileName: true`.
* Added a more complete set of unit tests.
* Multiple files can now be passed to the command line.
* The command line now support globs like `**\*.stidgen`.
* Generated files and types are now shown on the console.
* BUGFIX: Generic underlying types weren't correctly handled, the name was
  the FullName of the Type instead of C# code.
* BUGFIX: Casts to and from nullable were still generated for Nullable<T>
  underlying resulting in invalid code.
* BUGFIX: `EqualsUnderlying: true` generated code for `.Equals` but didn't
  generate the == and != operators.

### New in 0.3.0
* Add casts to and from nullable.
* Add an option to enable protobuf-net serialization.
* BUGFIX: When a value type was used as underlying compiler warning were
  present in the generated code.

### New in 0.2.0
* Generated files are now named with `.Generated.cs` at the end.
* Generated file now start with a `<auto-generated>` comment.
* All methods generated are now marked with `GeneratedCodeAttribute`.
* A partial method named "Check" + propertyName is now generated to validate
  constructor arguments if needed.

### New in 0.1.1
* Remove package dependencies and include all necessary files in the `.nupkg`.

### New in 0.1.0
* First version